Hello collonist!

Welcome to the Hellion Rescue Project, it's an honot to have you here with us :)

Bellow are a list of steps required to customize your Hellion files so you can have fun with us !

Let's get on to it, first you will need to download and install these libraries, i will post some links here but if they fail, please use google.

1) .NET Core Runtime 3.1.6
this is the full package link installer.
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/thank-you/runtime-aspnetcore-3.1.6-windows-hosting-bundle-installer

The link will be compatible with any Windows machine x86 or x64, but you can check out the rest of the builds in this link:
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1

2) C++ Redistributable 2017/2019:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads
Click on the version that is best for your machine architecture, the server don't run in ARM, so pick x86 or x64.

3) after installing both these packages, you may copy the Server folder to anywhere you are comfortable with, the client, you need to open the Hellion
installation location, you can get that from Steam Library paths.
Once inside Hellion folder, navigate to the HELLION_Data folder.

Please make a backup of the Managed folder, just in case, zip it or copy it to somewhere else.
After that, copy the contents of the Client folder inside our package and past into HELLION_Data folder, when asked to replace, click on Yes.

That's all you need for the Client to work, if you want to connect to a specific server that you already know, you will need to edit the ServerData.json file
and include the server in there, you can use the already existing server registered there as a template for the next one, or you can ask a friend for an invite
into some Cryopod in their server, this will automate the entire process for you.

For the Server to be operational you need to do some other steps:
1) Open the server folder and open the GameServer.ini using any text editor.
2) Change the Name of the server if you wish and set the ports, remember that the status_port you set will create another 1 number up from that dynamically
3) Open those doors in your router/network and firewall
4) Run the executable as ADMINISTRATOR, this is super important, it wont work without full permissions.
   You can either always right click on the file and Run as Administrator, or use the Compatibility Wizard to set that permanently, it's up to you.

That's all !
